Work with StardewValley v1.4+ 


Version 3.0.3
Remover golden Egg from recipes. Item is still there, but now is sold in one store.
This was to optimize Automate logic.
-Compatibility with Pfm-Automate and Automate together.
-Machines now support Quality inputs.



Version 3.0.2   CONVERSION TO PFM  [Producer Framework Mod]
Aside from converting the whole mod to pfm :
-reduced gold prices in clint shop.By roughly 20% less.
-Tweaked the crafting requirements for the Faberge Bench. now need cooper bars instead of Iron bars.

Note : If you had a previous version :
Delete this folders :
-[CFR] JewelcraftingMachines
-[CFR] EnchantingTable
-[CFR] FabergeBench
-[JA] Jewelcrafting

Custom Farming Redux is no longer required.






Version 1.5.3
Make it complatible with SDV 1.3+
Reduced prices/crafting requirements and production times (Mining only gameplay felt slow, thats why the adjusts)





Version 1.5

Balance : Reduced material and price costs for crafting stations
Balance : Increased by 200-600 more gold the selling price of many enchanted faberges.
Fixed 2 typos in 2 Amethyst prduct´s description

Version 1.4
You can now make faberge eggs from any minerals
And Enchant them too.

Version 1.3
-Faberge Eggs can be enchanted!
-Logistic files

Version 1.2
-Added Faberge Crafting station and eggs

Version 1.1
-Updated how the Enchanting table works 


-----------
to instal you need first :

If you had this mod previously installed, just rewrite.
(ongoing crafting will be resumed normally)
Merge this mod folder with your SDV Mods folder.

Smapi 2.4+
CustomFarmingRedux 
JsonAssets
(And All their own requirements)

Afterwards.
Copy Mods folder in your SDV game directory (so they merge in the corresponding folders)
------------

Need 

newest smapi
Jasson Assets 1.3.3  
CustomFarmingRedux newest

-------------

Usage

you can buy/craft 2 new CraftingStations  "Jewelcrafting table", "Enchanting table" and the "Faberge Bench"

And you can input :

Default :
-Gold Bars
-Refined Quartz 
(Taken from inventory Automatically)

Main Reagent:
-Emerald
-Ruby
-Topaz
-Aquamarine
-Amethyst
-Diamond

(all the jewels minus Jade)


The "Jewelcrafting table" yield a jewelry piece in the span of 5-10 days (depending on the jewel type)
*and just 1 day for the Enchanting Table


The Enchanting table have an incresed jewelry value of +30%, and almost a +100% for the faberge eggs.
With +1 crafting day per jewel, and +14 days for faberge eggs.
+You need to input an un-enchanted piece of jewelry/faberge egg   
 and a piece of Refined Quartz.

And all the resulting jewelry can be affected by the Artistan Skill..  adding +40% more sell value


Faberge Bench (new in 1.2)

You can make Faberge eggs out of Golden bars and any egg (but dinosaur egg)

input any jewel (or a golden bar for a golden egg)
And wait 4-12 days (depending on the jewel type)

Resulting eggs will be "Artisan Goods" and for now, they can be enchanted with a Prismatic Shard.
In comparison with normal jewerly, Faberge eggs have an incresed +200gold fixed amount
and need a little bit longer to be completed.
They are good for display show, gifts and profit.

An error saying : cathegory -5  means : "you need any one egg but a dinosaur egg in your inventory".


if you cant find the crafting reagents or you dont want to craft the stations, you can go to Clint´s Shop. He will sell you both for quite an amount...

--------------
Known bugs.
1.When you input a jewel to a crafting station, and it was the last of the stack, The inventory shift 1 space by row.
It doesnt delete anything and dont seem to be harmful..

2.Visual glitch. When you hover the cursor with a valid ingredient over a crafting station (of this mod). it doesn´t highlight the item. You can still imput the item.
----





Have fun!




Made by Undare.
v.1.3